# Latent Vector Embedding for Route Recommendation 
Travel routes possess unique characteristics distinct from traditional items like movies or books. A route is composed of places and can be represented as a sequence of these locations. Furthermore, they have much fewer and sparser features compared to traditional items. These characteristics pose technical and domain challenges in designing and implementing effective rec ommendation systems for route recommendations. To solve these challenges, this paper proposes a travel route recommen dation model that extracts user and route features and predicts user pref erences for routes. 

The proposed model utilizes Heterogeneous Information Networks (HIN) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) to extract user and route features and employs Principal Component Analysis (PCA) to con struct Latent Vectors. These Latent Vectors are then used to predict user preferences through Multilayer Perceptron (MLP). To evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed model, it was compared with other recommendation models using two real-world tourist route datasets. 

The experimental results show that the proposed model recorded up to a 2.76% improvement in Area Under the Receiver Operator Characteristic Curve (AUC) compared to the best-performing model, indicating enhanced performance. Additionally, in further experiments conducted in sparse data environments, the proposed model showed a 3.08% increase in AUC com pared to the best-performing model, demonstrating its superior adaptability in sparse data conditions. Through these two experiments, the proposed model has been validated as an effective one for tourist route recommenda tion and has demonstrated high adaptability in environments with sparse data.